Always borrow money from a pessimist. He won’t expect it back. -Oscar Wilde
Friendship is like peeing on yourself: everyone can see it, but only you get the warm feeling that it brings. -Robert Bloch
First the doctor told me the good news: I was going to have a disease named after me. -Steve Martin
A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend. A successful woman is one who can find such a man. -Lana Turner
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad. -Miles Kington
Why do people say “no offense” right before they’re about to offend you? -Anonymous
I love deadlines. I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by. -Douglas Adams
By all means, marry. If you get a good wife, you’ll become happy; if you get a bad one, you’ll become a philosopher. -Socrates
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn’t work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness. -Emo Philips
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience. -Greg King
The only mystery in life is why the kamikaze pilots wore helmets. -Al McGuire
Going to church doesn’t make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car. -Billy Sunday
A bargain is something you don’t need at a price you can’t resist. -Franklin Jones
If at first you don’t succeed . . . so much for skydiving. -Henny Youngman
If you steal from one author, it’s plagiarism; if you steal from many, it’s research. -Wilson Mizner
A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you will look forward to the trip. -Caskie Stinnett
Money can’t buy happiness, but it sure makes misery easier to live with. -Anonymous
Nothing sucks more than that moment during an argument when you realize you’re wrong. -Anonymous
By the time a man realizes that his father was right, he has a son who thinks he’s wrong. -Charles Wadsworth
court: Were you put your fate into the hands of twelve people who weren’t smart enough to get out of jury duty. -Norm Crosby
A bank is a place that will lend you money, if you can prove that you don’t need it. -Bob Hope
Evening news is where they begin with “Good evening,” and then proceed to tell you why it isn’t. -Anonymous
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason. -José Maria de Eça de Queiroz